Hello! 

I'm Gio. I'm from San Antonio, Texas, but I'm currently studying at Loyola 
University Maryland. I'm a junior and a Computer Science major. I'm an avid gamer,
artist, and I enjoy tinkering around with my computer to build cool projects.

This internship looks like a perfect opportunity. 
I've been applying to internships off and on over the last few months but unforunately,
not a lot of oppportunitues looked particularly appealing to me. About a week and a 
half ago, I stumbled upon a listing for the CodeFoo internship on LinkedIn and I 
immediately got excited. Not only would it be very cool to work at IGN, but I love the
direction you take for your application process.

I've watched IGN videos on and off since I was in middleschool and I've spent plenty
of time reading IGN articles, so this internship felt more relatable compared to most
listings I see that involve a company I've never heard of or interacted with.

I think a project shows a lot more about an applicant's strengths and weaknesses rather
than a resume alone. Technical interviews are a step in the right direction, but I 
really enjoyed working on this project in my own time rather than being restricted by a
time limit.

I know I'm a perfect fit for this internship. I have some experience with making web
apps through projects I made for fun during previous summers, as well as a hackathon
project I worked on last semester. I have good communication skills, I don't give up
easily, and I love learning about anything related to computer-science.

I've demonstrated some of what I'm capable of with my application project, which was
the full-stack polling application. I had about 10 days to finish it, despite having 
a full six-course schedule, and despite my lack of any formal training in web 
development. (unless you count the web development elective I took in 7th grade 
where we learned basic html)

This project was an uphill battle due to the aforementioned disadvantages and yet I 
worked my way through it in an efficient manner; managing my time perfectly between
schoolwork and ironing out new features on my polling site. While I've worked with the
Django web development framework before, my focus is usually the back-end. Sending
AJAX requests to update poll results in real-time was a challenge and it's been a
while since I've worked with css. 

I've really poured my heart into this project because I want to show you how excited 
I am for this opportunity. I know I'll be able to contribute to IGN because I have
a passion for this sort of work and I'll be interning for a company whose name means
something to me. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

Giovanni Euresti

gioeurest123@gmail.com
210-744-2523